docs: `timeout.reconciliation` needs restart to work (#27540)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/high_availability.md

  `timeout.reconciliation.jitter` setting in the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap. The value of the fields is
  a [duration string](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) e.g `60s`, `1m` or `1h`.

  > [!NOTE]

>   > Restart the application-server `StatefulSet` to apply this change. You can do so by running

Reviewer: The kubectl command below makes it clear, so maybe not a big deal, but is `application-server` okay?
Argo CD already has `argocd-server`, `argocd-repo-server`, etc.

Author: I can clarify that phrase, yes.

Reviewer 2: Indeed 

```suggestion
  > Restart the argocd-application-controller to apply this change. You can do so by running
```
